[Music]
hey and welcome to the very first daily
we're gonna be doing one of these daily
at MSI 2018 as we go through Berlin and
Paris they're quick little fun videos
that will release every day bronze gotta
into and it's on the interview so
they're gotta be too complicated either
way this is the very first one I am
standing right now in front of the EU
LCS studio which has this very cool
mural behind me and just got here we got
him to Berlin yesterday bought a little
bit of jet lag hopefully everything's
fixed Rodan is he's hanging in there
it's I don't know how steady this
cameras gonna be he's he's a little
tired um anyway getting used to the new
EU LCS to do game starting today and
yeah I'm really worried and hoping that
North America isn't embarrass us because
well whatever it's tough but yes so far
everything's good we're gonna give you a
little bit more of an update and let's
go to the next scene
[Music]
I told you this was gonna be a quick
video we've already made it to the night
time no groats and i are here getting
dinner should be served any minute but
now I can talk to you about something
first off we went 0-4 in the West on day
one that sucks
hopefully things get better otherwise
maybe not such a good idea
well away to Berlin and Paris for this
event but I am having fun I'm having a
lot of fun I think Wright's doing a
great job I really have enjoyed
somewhere you can see how much passion
the caster's and all the staff and
everybody are putting into this and it's
really important for me to see that
before I get into this next part because
they don't want you to think that I'm
like on this event okay like
you can it's very clear that everyone's
being very passionate about it
everybody's putting a lot of work and I
would hate to diminish that and I wanted
I wanted this very first episode of
daily to be kind of positive but I have
to say after day one I am really feeling
bad about having this event in the EU
LCS to do so seats in North America it's
about 300 plus seats and Europe it's
about 170 now that makes a lot of sense
because I think normally because their
venue is a little bit further out of the
town than the NA LCS venue is you know
you don't need to worry about filling as
many seats because you're never gonna be
able to get as many people to go out
there to Canada North America but but
for an international event like this to
have 170 people in front of it it just
feels so bad like they ought they bring
out the teams there's some sort of
strobe like and you know like the crepes
just like whoo it just it does not feel
like an international event I've gone to
so many international events I have I've
done this guys I've even gone to
international events at the NLCS studio
and like I feel bad when there's an
international event happening
the North America studio but this has
half the audience of that I don't know
why this is happening like a feeling
there's a couple hints here there's
couple hints here that make me think
that they are just trying to save a lot
of money with that Messiah this year
that maybe in the past that was not as
much of a budget situation and that this
year there is that maybe this year there
is way more of a budget situation
because if you look at it they didn't
bring as many talents there's much
talent out to this one we're missing rib
oddly marked those guys Marco knows
whatever they're the DeStorm alee
there's four days in between the group
stage and the rest this time there's
only two which again is a cost-saving
matter I don't know what's happening all
I know is that like it feels really
shitty to have only 170 p85 sorry 170
people in the audience for an
international event please please don't
ever do this again
I'm worried that Wright has said nothing
about this so far makes me think that
maybe this is going to be the new status
quo I don't know but that's look other
than that everyone's working hard this
is everyone's making this is cool bit of
evidence it can be I'm sure especially
about time we get to Paris things are
gonna get even cooler
so no disrespect to the people that are
working so hard to put on something
really cool and there are a lot of great
moments and a lot of awesome elements
here especially with America and Europe
can turn it around but that's kind of my
rant we are now done with day one we
will go into day two and hopefully my
jetlag gets resolved soon
[Music]